{"en":"The rough road across the plain soon became so bad that we tried to get Bruce to drive back to the village we had come from. ^ ","ch":"穿越平原的道路高低不平， 开车走了不远， 路面愈加崎岖。 我们想劝说布鲁斯把车开回我们出发的那个村庄去。  "}
{"en":"Even though the road was littered with boulders and pitted with holes,  Bruce was not in the least perturbed. ^ ","ch":"尽管路面布满石头， 坑坑洼洼， 但布鲁斯却一点儿不慌乱。  "}
{"en":"Glancing at his map,  he informed us that the next village was a mere twenty miles away. ^ ","ch":"他瞥了一眼地图， 告诉我们前面再走不到20英里就是一个村庄。  "}
{"en":"It was not that Bruce always underestimated difficulties. ^ ","ch":"这并不是说布鲁斯总是低估困难，  "}
{"en":"No matter what the conditions were,  he believed that a car should be driven as fast as it could possibly go. ^ ","ch":"他认为不管路面情况如何， 车必须以最高速度前进。  "}
{"en":"As we bumped over the dusty track,  we swerved to avoid large boulders. ^ ","ch":"我们在尘士飞扬的道路上颠簸， 车子东拐西弯， 以躲开那些大圆石。  "}
{"en":"The wheels scooped up stones which hammered ominously under the car. ^ ","ch":"车轮搅起的石块锤击车身， 发出不祥的锤击声。  "}
{"en":"We felt sure that sooner or later a stone would rip a hole in our petrol tank or damage the engine. ^ ","ch":"我们相信迟早会飞起一个石块把油箱砸开一个窟窿， 或者把发动机砸坏。  "}
{"en":"Because of this,  we kept looking back,  wondering if we were leaving a trail of oil and petrol behind us. ^ ","ch":"因此， 我们不时地掉过头， 怀疑车后是否留下了机油和汽油的痕迹。  "}
{"en":"What a relief it was when the boulders suddenly disappeared, giving way to a stretch of plain where the only obstacles were clumps of bushes. ^ ","ch":"突然大石块不见了， 前面是一片平地， 唯一的障碍只有一簇簇灌木丛。 这使我们长长地松了口气。  "}
{"en":"In response to renewed pleadings,  Bruce stopped. ^ ","ch":"我们再次央求布鲁斯小心， 他这才把车停了下来。  "}
{"en":"Though we all got out to examine the fissure,  he remained in the car. ^ ","ch":"我们纷纷下车察看那个大裂缝， 他却呆在车上。  "}
{"en":"We informed him that the fissure extended for fifty yards and was tow feet wide and four feet deep. ^ ","ch":"我们告诉他那个大裂缝长50码， 宽2英尺， 深4英尺。  "}
{"en":"Bruce went into a low gear and drove at a terrifying speed,  keeping the front wheels astride the crack as he followed its zigzag course. ^ ","ch":"布鲁斯挂上慢档， 把两只前轮分别搁在裂缝的两边， 顺着弯弯曲曲的裂缝， 以发疯的速度向前开去。  "}
{"en":"Before we had time to worry about what might happen,  we were back on the plain again. ^ ","ch":"我们还未来得及担心后果， 车已重新开上了平地。  "}
{"en":"Bruce consulted the map once more and told us that the village was now only fifteen miles away. ^ ","ch":"布鲁斯又看了一眼地图， 告诉我们那座村庄离我们只有15英里了。  "}
{"en":"Our next obstacle was a shallow pool of water about half a mile across. ^ ","ch":"下一个障碍是一片约半英里宽的浅水塘。  "}
{"en":"Bruce charged at it,  but in the middle,  the car came to a grinding half. ^ ","ch":"布鲁斯向水塘冲去， 但车开到水塘当中， 嘎吱一声停住了。  "}
{"en":"A yellow light on the dashboard flashed angrily and Bruce cheerfully announced that there was no oil in the engine! ^ ","ch":"仪表盘一盏黄灯闪着刺眼的光芒， 布鲁斯兴致勃勃地宣布发动机里没油了！  "}